This was incredibly difficult to get to, but I encountered no proper errors which I couldn't solve, just ones that I had encountered earlier, such as the ones concerning c_string(), the rest were expected and done intentionally to reinforce my own learning. The only actual problems I came across resulted in me being able to solve just one of them.

I came across a problem which was that when I tried to read receiving packets on windows, I'd get an error and I wouldn't be able to read it. The solution came to me after I remembered that the Microsoft C++ compiler (MSVC) was more strict about the conversion between std::string and char x[n] array, i.e strings and C style strings, so I resolved it by dynamically allocating a C style string as soon as a packet was received, which was the size of the packet, to hold the contents, which was then printed, and the variable then deleted. This resolved that very annoying error, but I was left with an error which I have concluded is probably hardware based.
My laptop is hosting the TCP server, but sometimes, after having the server on for a while, the server launches but fails to bind to the port I'm trying to bind to (port 5000), so first I checked if it was maybe due to other processes, or maybe due to the firewall, which it was not because sometimes it'd just start working afterwards, so I conclude that this utterly random error is either something very low down in the OS so I can't find it, and so must have some very obscure cause, or must just be that the laptop itself is kinda broken.

By this point I now have a fully functioning TCP server and client, and the clients can now communicate with each other with ease.
I have also commented both the client and the server files.
